A little while after Pakoostan was frozen, the first Pakoo unfroze, in awe of what happened to their city. The freezing also damaged their eye, blinding them in the left eye. They immediately started making their way towards the city and found shelter. They weren't sure what caused the freezing, but started to gather up Pakoos in the area and started working on thawing them out. After Evil Pakoo gathered some members, they managed to make one of the air bases nearby operational again, so they could do some reconnaissance missions to gather information about the freezing. They found the side of a facility at the bottom of a mountainside, and decided to investigate. It was found that tons of Pakoostanis were heard inside, but they couldn't get in. It seemed that there was no entrance and it was fortified. While this new rebel faction was thinking of how to attack the facility, they set their current efforts to building a massive airship that would circle around the frozen city. The ship would work on scouting out Pakoostanis to thaw, and melting the ice and snow from the city. They would then train them and prepare to attack the facility. The first line of attack was to have the jets do bombing runs on it. The first few runs were spot on, but didn't seem to crack. After a couple more, a couple black jets came from behind and shot down the bombing jets. Frustrated and still confused, Evil Pakoo decided to up the ante a bit and started to fortify their airship and upgrade their munitions. This is when a sleek black airship was notified and approaching them, so they prepared to attack. Both groups sent out their jets first. The rebel forces retreated first, and the airships met up with each other. As they approached, Evil Pakoo met Addy for the first time, reacting in a rather cocky manner.