
*When Xander gained consciousness, there were two characters created: The Shepherd and The Administrator. The Shepherd was in charge of preserving Xander's childhood, and The Administrator was in charge of their adulthood. They worked in a facility far away from the place known as GIT Land, the place where memorite would form. They had a portal to this land and would collect this ore to refine back at the facility. The Shepherd would melt the ore into a white goo, which they would store into capsules. This continued until Xander was entering his teenage years. The Shepherd went to GIT Land to work on shutting it down, and preserving the whole place. They told The Administrator to stay at the facility and continue to watch out for new areas where memorite would form, but to never let Xander into the facility, and if they were discovered, to immediately escape. However, when Xander was talking about changing their identity, this gave them an idea. The Administrator cut their hair, put on a suit, top hat, and wore a mask. They introduced themselves to this new Pakoo character as Jerome. They decided to bring them to the land where the facility was anyway, but Pakoo attacked them, and The Administrator immediately escaped back to the facility. The Shepherd found out what was going on, and was pissed at them. They made their memory goo toxic to any character not from GIT Land, and took all the capsules with them. The two are now separated forever, with the Administrator realizing that they'll have to take Pakoo into their own hands soon.

  
  
  

Once upon a time, there was a kid named [[Xander GIT]]. His real name was [[Xander]], and he 

applied the GIT at the end of his name. No one for sure really knows what it meant. Anyways, he had a small land of his own known as GIT Land. It was an island full of sprawling green hills full of creatures that Xander liked a lot growing up. If he liked them, he would create them for his own little island. There wasn't always much for him to do, so he would create his own [[Yoshi's Coalition|problems on his island]] so he could take care of them. He had a very agent type look, usually donning a suit with a jetpack. As he got more settled to this land, he created a house of his own to live in. He owned the whole place, as it was all his home, but he never really had a house. Over time, he added his own little factions to his island, dividing them up and visiting them from time to time. He would treat them as countries or cities, as he would make alliances with some and have them fight each other. No real harm was done, as everything was simulated. He had an accomplice who helped him with his little setups, who was known as "[[The Shepherd]]". The Shepherd was called that because he wore a robe and carried around a cane, and had similar abilities to Xander. As time grew on, Xander wanted to change his appearance. He threw away the jetpack and suit for a sailor uniform and had blue hair. He went by the name "[[Pakoo]]" instead, and lost interest in his little faction creation for a while. He would sit at his house all day, with the Shepherd, talking about dreams he had. He wanted to have a much greater land, one for his new friends. One day, very soon after, a new person showed up in GIT land. This person was known as [[Jerome]], and they donned a suit just like Pakoo used to have. They also had a top hat, and had a very smug face. Their face looked like it was drawn on, and they claimed to be Pakoo's mentor. They helped Pakoo show how to hone his abilities more, and that he promised a much greater land. Pakoo was excited, and was a bit too excited. He got a bit too anxious, and wanted Jerome's power for himself. One day, Jerome opened up a gate to this new land for Pakoo. It was a blank slate at first, with whiteness stretching in every direction. But then, Jerome would extend his hand out, and draw land almost like if they were painting. While Jerome was side tracked however, Pakoo decided to take their top hat. Once he got ahold of the hat and put it on, he then banished Jerome from the existence of his new land. He then started to create the land himself, starting out as a place in the clouds. He created a pantheon looking building for himself to live in, and created new characters to live with. Once he realized that this was going to be his new home, he gave the Shepherd full ownership over GIT Land. 

  

Pakoo then invited his friends to come visit his new land, who were Nova and Digi. They created DPN, and had their own respective building, which resembled a skyscraper. After a while, Pakoo removed his pantheon home for a castle and a city, and moved the DPN building there too. He created his own country, which he called Pakoostan. On this new continent, he created new factions and countries, which the new main enemy becoming known as The David Empire. The leader's son was known as HTC David, or just David. David was a man who had the power to use Virtual Reality to control things in real life, crossing between the two. Pakoo would fight him and win, and eventually Pakoo made an army of his own. It was a clone army, with all of the members of Pakoostan looking just like Pakoo. David did the same, except they were all robots. David would control the robots with his VR tech, and even though he was growing in power, Pakoo won which was known as The Great War. The leader was killed and David became the new leader. Over time, pieces of the David Empire would break off, becoming their own nations. One was a country made up of catgirls, while another country, Nezutan, was a mix of the catgirl nation and pakoostanis interbred. They both served as allies to Pakoostan, and with new companies popping up in Pakoostan like LTT, they would help fight the David Empire. Linus, the owner of LTT, grew to be a military leader in the Pakoostani army, and helped fight against David again in The Great War II, with great success. The David Empire was even less of a threat now, serving 2 defeats, as David went neutral for the time being. Around this time as well, Konata Izumi, the girl who looked very much like Pakoo, mysteriously showed up in Pakoostan one day. Lots of Pakoostanis thought Konata was Pakoo, and this led to a rebellion. Lots of Pakoostanis joined her side as they thought she was the real leader, with others loyal to the real Pakoo. Pakoo ordered his men to fight against the rebels, which was known as the Pakoostani Civil War. Pakoo eventually had enough and went to fight Konata himself. After a bit of fighting, they settled their differences and decided to ally. After a few years, Konata fully joined forces with Pakoo, and became Queen of Pakoostan. Pakoo became the King, which Pakoostan more prosperous than ever. As Pakoostan was in this golden age however, David was seething with revenge. He wanted to win back his land, and also take over Pakoostan. David was actually in stasis for a while, as Linus put him in a void type plane where he couldn't do harm. Somehow though, David found the real POLYBIUS cabinet while he was there. He spent his time rewiring the components and managed to utilize the magical powers of the machine. He turned it into a rocket type vehicle, which he used the machine to escape the dimension. When he got out, he set his target to LTT. He wanted to kill Linus, since he put him in that plane/dimension. He blasted the rocket down onto the LTT building, killing all members of LTT, including Linus, instantly. After that, he went back to his home and started to improve upon his design and create more of these machines. He got to work fast, because the death of Linus got Pakoo's attention quickly and he was preparing for another war against David. This time though, the war started out more in David's favor. David's new POLYBIUS mechs were much stronger, and Pakoo's army was losing. Pakoo had to fight David himself in order to stop him from using VR to control them. Pakoo made his way to David, in which after a long battle, threw David and his mech into space, never to be seen again. All of the mechs were shut down, and Pakoostan was free from war. The David Empire collapsed, and Pakoo had all the land to himself again. Pakoo started looking to the stars, to see if there was anything outside of his planet. What was out there shocked him to great surprise, as there were many worlds to explore, which more people just like him out there. These neighboring planets hosted all sorts of crazy characters to meet and go on adventures with. Pakoo started setting up research facilities in Pakoostan, in which they found that these planets came from another Universe, where people in this new universe would go on something called "The Internet" and create these worlds and ideas which popped up here.  but Pakoo unfortunately had his time cut short. There was someone new who had shown up in Pakoostan. It was an old friend, or enemy really. It was Jerome again. They came back to claim their power back from Pakoo. They locked Pakoo in a void room separate from Pakoostan, where they could talk without any distractions. Jerome explained that they have been watching Pakoo for some time now, and they were never banished. They just banished themselves to give Pakoo the idea that he had this power, and wanted to see what he could do. Jerome also explained that the Top hat had no real power, but Jerome took it back anyways. Jerome then took off their face, revealing that the cartoonish looking face was just a mask. Jerome actually reassembled Pakoo in terms of their face, but instead with short, green hair and still dawned the suit with a yellow tie. The Top hat's ribbon changed from red to yellow, and Jerome put Pakoo in stasis. Jerome also put all of Pakoostan and his world in stasis, with time seemingly stopped. Jerome took Pakoo down to a massive facility that resided under Pakoostan. They grabbed a few more Pakoostani citizens, and copied Pakoo's memory into slices and put each slice into one of the citizens. 

  

Jerome was working on an Archive Facility, and had years of information lost. Now with Pakoo back, they could continue the archival process. Most of the info from GIT Land was archived already, which was good because Jerome couldn't access that place. The Shepherd and Jerome had disagreements in the past, and wouldn't allow Jerome to come through. The Pakoos had their memory wiped from all the events that happened in Pakoostan, and introduced the new memories from the one in the other universe who created this world. The Pakoos got along well with Jerome, as Jerome went under the name "The Administrator". All mentions of the name Jerome were forbidden, as The Shepherd and the original Pakoo knew them by that name. The original Pakoo also decided to help the admin out as well with the archival project. All Pakoos were given a new outfit, donning a white suit with a red tie and the top hat. They all liked to refer to the administrator as [[Addy]], short for administrator. OG Pakoo swapped out for a much more casual look, usually wearing a purple shirt and black shorts. OG Pakoo was usually out of the picture most of the time, with Addy as the new main boss. Addy had their friends visit and help with the project as well. These people were Grace and Anne, who are two bug girls. Grace was obsessed with the extraterrestrial and was hyper, while Anne was much more laid back and read a lot. There was also Jade the slime and Arreyn, who came to visit a lot as well. Addy decided to explore the depths of the world while the project was still on going, digging deep underneath the facility. Addy found a whole group of creatures and people who were part of OG Pakoo's world that were removed at some point, and ended up here. Addy sealed it off, not caring to worry about it. Instead, Addy built an area above this place and below the facility known as the electric core. The Electric Core housed a room where Addy wanted to keep something special. It was the [[Gaxogen|essence of Pakoo]], back when he was Xander GIT. It was the purest form of him, and wanted to keep it locked up here so no one would touch it. He had Anne, Grace, Jade, and Arreyn create a being known as the Gatekeeper, to watch over the essence. Addy didn't want to tamper with the essence too much as they didn't know how to use it yet. Things went as normal for a few years, until one day, the barrier between GIT Land and Pakoostan was broken. Somehow, a version of Xander GIT was created, and could break through. They confronted Addy, having the same type of power but stronger. This caused havoc in the facility, and the underground area broke open as well, with the creatures below seeping out. The Pakoostanis fought back against the monsters, and Addy tried to escape and fight this version of Xander GIT. Xander pushed Addy closer to the electric core, and pushed past the GateKeeper. Xander GIT pushed Addy into the chamber with the essence, locking Addy in. The essence immediately started acting on Addy, violently melting and exploding as it consumed Addy entirely. Addy woke up in a dark underworld type area, where oozey black limbs made up the ground. Above, circled [[The Thousand-Faced Dragon|a long snakelike dragon that had at least thousands of faces]] that Addy and Pakoo saw over their lifetime. These faces covered the body of the dragon. The dragon circled Addy, with all the faces screaming at them. Addy blacked out, and woke up in Xander's old childhood room. Addy was wiped of their memory, and was locked here with no intention of leaving. Back at the facility, the fighting had stopped, and the Pakoostanis opted the OG Pakoo back into the main leader. OG Pakoo decided to create a new Addy, who was a lot more energetic than the real one. K-19, as stubborn against Addy as they were, opted to be the host for this new Addy. They both took leadership position as they continued the archival project. Meanwhile, the real Addy was gaining their memory back. They had a backup stored on them incase of a memory wipe, which Addy eventually triggered. This caused Addy to escape the house, running through memories and escaping the bad memories which tried to put addy back into stasis. Addy escaped however, and ended up back in near frozen Pakoostan. Addy worked on making it back to the facility. Everyone was excited to see Addy again, and the newly recreated Addy was put into stasis. Addy cloned the recreated version into a few versions, all with different color schemes. These were called "The Hartmen" and were backup incase this scenario happened again. Addy decided to let the Pakoos free of the facility, showing them the old Pakoostan, which was still frozen. The Pakoos were finally let known of their past, and were actually pretty chill with it. They still helped work in the facility all the time. Parts of Pakoostan were unfreezing, however, as some Pakoostanis escaped and created a rebel faction. This made a massive airship that roamed around the city, collecting anyone who unfroze. This was when Addy used the Hartmen for the first time. They constructed an airship as well, and they had a massive battle over Old Pakoostan. The Hartmen were victorious, and some of the old pakoostanis escaped into GIT Land. For now though, the hartmen were put back into stasis as the archival project continues peacefully to this day. Other members and groups joined as well, with the DPN building being reconstructed and used to help dig up remnants from Old Pakoostan. After a while of reconstruction, Pakoostan was rebuilt with Addy leading the country this time, and letting the Pakoostanis who previously lived in the facility live among the city. It wasn't going to last forever though, because the rebel Pakoostanis that escaped earlier would be back soon enough, and this time would be weaponizing Gaxogen. Addy and Evil Pakoo would eventually come to a truce, realizing the amount of damage caused to both sides. However, while this battle was engaging, some of the allies David made from his time out came over to heist. They managed to find David and bring him back from memory form, and also managed to steal some of Addy's personal info on the world, which explained the dragon and such. Later on down the line, David and his allies launched a surprise attack on Addy. David had a much more powerful mech, immune to most of their weaknesses, like Gaxogen and whatnot. Evil Pakoo tried to hold up a decent fight with David, but his face was mangled and was shot by Gaxogen, rendering him dead for good. David then went to go slice Addy, and kill them with Gaxogen, but in the last moment, K-22 protected Addy by wearing their old Jerome mask. David went to kill them without Gaxogen, but then K-17 and K-19 hit them with one of the high speed AG&A Co. Trains. David got stuck on the train constantly pushing him farther away from the battle. David went to destroy the train to stop himself, until he saw them both eject out and realized the train was loaded with nuclear explosives. At the last moment, David flooded his core with Gaxogen so he could technically survive. When David entered the void, he found Evil Pakoo waiting for his demise. When he saw David, he fired a shot at him, and missed. David laughed, and Pakoo shot him in the face. David screamed, and the dragon made its judgment, turning David into Black goop. Evil Pakoo smiled, as he was turned into goop as well.
